Hey Dude welcome to no recipe required
I'm Dave and tonight I'm going to show
you how to make a version of my mother's
tacos I'll call them ground beef tacos
now I'm making that like chick chicken
tacos fish taco steak tacos all the time
ground beef is not really something I go
to all that much but I tell you when I
do I absolutely love it brings me back
to my childhood and it's a dish I
absolutely love I think you will too
okay we're gonna go ahead you don't have
your vegetables chopped up this is a
great time to do it you just want to
move this around you know let it cook
for two or three minutes then you know
give it a good stir and make sure it's
getting cooked all the way around okay
so after my meat is browned off I like
to remove it with a slotted spoon that's
a an easy way there's a few different
ways to take off the meat and separate
it out from the fat and I don't need all
that fat in in the taco meat so once I
get this done I'm gonna drain off most
of it then we're gonna come back and saw
it start sauteing awesome guys I just
drained off all my meat and most of the
fact that was in the pan there I left a
little bit because I need to saute mine
that's the booths now I'm throwing in a
full topped onion a pepper I have to be
using a Paseo pepper which is not all
that hot got a little bit of to it you
can use whatever you want though how he
knows our graves even red bell peppers
green bell peppers are quite nice I'm
just gonna let these cook down over like
medium medium-high heat you want some
salt and pepper and
and go until the onions become
translucent and nice and soft so once
our pepper and onion is nicely cooked
down
like I said soft and translucent we're
gonna add our spices now my kind of lead
spice is cumin in this dish and I use a
good amount remember we got all that
ground beef to season and I think one of
the keys here is to use the spices in
the mostly dry pan here
get them toast it a little bit which
really helps bring out the flavor so
there's a couple tablespoons of cumin
couple maybe a tablespoon of chili
powder half a tablespoon of oregano and
just a few dashes because mine is really
hot of cayenne pepper and I'm just gonna
stir those in and let that let the a
like I said the spices toast action I'm
gonna add a little bit more maybe go 1/2
again more another half a tablespoon of
kind of chili powder another 1/2
tablespoon of cumin let's add some salt
again we gotta salt all that beef and
some pepper and just let these go for
about 5 minutes now less than 5 minutes
three or four minutes okay so I just in
I just gotta finish adding my tomato
paste and as that's going in you just
want to give it a quick stir and just
like the spices I like to allow that
tomato paste to cook down for three or
four minutes over medium heat and that
concentrates the flavor deepens and
darkens the the flavors as well and it's
gonna end up getting you a better result
on the taco meat so I'll let that go
stir every once a while make sure
nothing's burning nothing sticking too
badly and I will come back when it's
time to add the beef back so after a few
minutes I'm gonna turn my heat back up
then I'm gonna add in that ground beef
that we browned earlier and I'm just
gonna mix and stir everything together
and get it incorporated all right last
couple ingredients secret weapon
mom secret weapon a little bit of
ketchup probably not the most
traditional but adds a little bit of
sweetness a little bit of vinegar and
partners which is actually super nice
and about a teaspoon a tablespoon of
honey and I'm gonna add a couple nice
heaping tablespoons of your favorite
salsa we're gonna mix all this together
and we're actually gonna add in about a
cup maybe a cup and a half of water now
most of that water is actually going to
evaporate off as this cooks but I like
to get it in there so that's kind of all
the spices and everything we've got in
there as a has a nice kind of fluid way
to incorporate all the flavors that have
been kind of brought together so far and
once I get this fully mixed together I'm
gonna turn the heat to low I'm gonna put
the cover back on I'm just gonna let
this kind of simmer on low heat for
about 20 minutes so after 15 to 20
minutes you want to pull the lid off
give it a quick stir you want to give it
a quick taste for seasoning this one
yeah I could use a little bit more salt
use a little bit more pepper
now you can um you can let it go as is
or you can serve it as is it's totally
totally good if you want a little drier
just go ahead and cook it like another
10 minutes or so with the lid off and as
you cook it more that water will
evaporate I think this is just fine and
dandy let's go ahead and serve it okay
let's go ahead and plate our tacos
ground beef this is uh basically just
like my mom used to make probably like a
lot of us used to have probably not
super traditional but absolutely super
delicious you know throw whatever
toppings you want
I like maybe a little sour cream on mine
ears and then certainly a little cheese
a little bit of lettuce and you are good
to go I'll see you next time on no
recipe required